The first phase of the project consists of building the entire database side of the project including interfaces and test cases. 
Questions such as: What are we storing? How are we accessing it? What are we calculating? All should be addressed during this stage. 
Project 3 was an example of a database. HW10 covers techniques on how to make the database thread safe. 
Remember the database will only be interacting with a single server; however, that server will be interacting with multiple clients simultaneously. 
A README.txt file is required with each phase and should be submitted in the Vocareum workspace alongside any java files. See documentation bellow.

Role 1: Project lead, interface designer, interface test cases.
Role 2: Develop database objects and test cases.
Role 3: Develop methods and application control flow.
Role 4: Develop log in details and user permissions. 
Role 5: Develop data persistence solutions and test cases. 

Additionally, your project will need to have a README document. This document will include the following in order:

DOCUMENTATION:
README should have:
Instructions on how to compile and run your project. 
A list of who submitted which parts of the assignment on Brightspace and Vocareum. 
For example: Student 1 - Submitted Report on Brightspace. Student 2 - Submitted Vocareum workspace.
A detailed description of each class. This should include the functionality included in the class, 
the testing done to verify it works properly, and its relationship to other classes in the project. 

Here's a breakdown of grading for Phase 1:
Database code (40 points)
Interfaces for each class (15 points)
Related test cases (30 points)
Documentation (5 points)
Everything must be submitted to Vocareum by cloning the repository. All required files should be included in the repository.
Up to 5 points of extra credit can be earned by designing the database to store user photos and/or photo posts/messages. 
Extra credit can not make up for lost points on the peer evaluation or coding style portions nor can it take the total score over 100.
The peer evaluation form. (5 points).
Coding Style (5 points)
Remember ALL team members must visit the Vocareum workspace at least once to receive a grade.
